# libpandadna
_libpandadna_ is a library made for Panda3D that creates a common format for storing entire 3D worlds containing many groups, models, and textures in a tree-like form. It also handles some logical aspects of games, such as creating groups of models, textures, and nodes that can be hidden or shown on the fly, and enemy pathing.


# 🔨 Building
Below you will find anything you need to know.

## 💻 Windows

#### Preparing the VS Project
Currently, Astron only supports Visual Studio 2013 and above.

Preparing libpandadna for VisualStudio requires CMake. It is recommend to use the cmake-gui. (Download from http://www.cmake.org/cmake/resources/software.html)

Under Where is the source code: Enter the path to your clone of Astron.

For Where to build the binaries: it is recommended to use a directory outside of the repository like **<ASTRON_PATH>/../build or ../AstronBuild.**

Then, hit **Configure** followed by **Generate** button.

#### Compiling
Using Visual Studio, open the solution generated by CMake at wherever you set your build path. You should then be able to build the solution with VS. By default, the keyboard shortcut for building the solution is the F7 key.

To build Astron for release, change the build type to Release from within Visual Studio.
For developing with Trace and Debug messages, set it to Debug.
For development without extra messages, set it to RelWithDebInfo.

## 🐧 Linux
Open the [CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/NormalNed/libpandadna/blob/master/CMakeLists.txt#L28) and go to Line 28 and add your Panda3D path

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make```
